Tomorrow goal: get a working home page that has a calendar on it, and get the mongoose database integrated.
sub goal: Get data schema's completed for users and course
sub sub goal is: get mongoose integrated.

Today's goal: is to get a working calendar that I don't hate how it looks.

Goal: Get schema working properly where it creates the collection and


Work Log:

I wrote down all my objectives in trello https://trello.com/b/0dDoF7zq/scheduling-app

did some mind mapping of the work flow of my website.

Research body-parser and how it integrates into the website and express

Worked on getting what I need for the mongoose data base.

3/22
I have started working on the calendar it's self I wanted to get some progress on that so I could have a home page.

Create a calendar with divs instead of tr's.

3/23
I worked on the schemas I created the correct way to do a reference. I'm just a little confused
on how I'm going to push the reference into one an existing document, and two doing multiple references at one time.

3/24
Today I am going to finalize my schemas I will then work on it creating the collections.
After that I will work on the CRUD functions of course training and user documents

I have created my first collection in my database. I'm putting in a ticket for IT to create our server
I'm going to have them name the server HIT-precise-prod and HIT-precise-test. I have made some commits to github.
Now going to work on getting the training and user collections created. It was pretty exciting to get my first collection
on my local server done. Once I get that data in the database I will move forward with creating the CRUD routes.

3/31
I have been able to get the trainings from the server on to the home.ejs file which will be my index/show
route for my trainings. I have also made it so that my header and footer are included as partials. I added
the new route for trainings and will make the form next to be populated into the node server and inject into the mongodb.
